[Music]
after being rescued
from the destroyed arena in the 75th
hunger games
tributes katniss everdeen bt
and finnick odair are taken to district
a below ground district isolated from
pan am
that has been spearheading the rebellion
katniss is reunited with her mother
and her sister prim and is introduced to
president alma coyne
the rebel leader katniss is told that
her arrow destroying the force field led
to riots in over half the districts
joining district 13 in the rebellion
which caused president snow
to bomb district 12 in retaliation coin
asks her to become the mockingjay a
symbol of the rebellion
as part of a hearts and minds strategy
katniss reluctantly agrees
after seeing peta being manipulated on
state television to quell the rebellion
she visits the ruins of district 12 her
old house somehow untouched with white
roses from president snow inside
katniss meets her film team and is given
effie trinket
as a stylist and close friend gail as a
bodyguard they go to district 8
where katniss is filmed being saluted by
dozens of wounded civilians at a
hospital
snow seeing the footage orders an
airstrike at the hospital
killing everyone inside the crew films
katniss and gayle shooting down two
capital
hovercraft and katniss's rage-filled
threat
if we burn you burn with us district 7
revolts
shouting the same phrase and killing
peacekeepers katniss and her team
travel to district 12. katniss is filmed
singing a song called
the hanging tree millions of protesters
in district 5
singing the same anthem launch a
suicidal human wave attack against a
hydroelectric dam
that is the capital's primary source of
electricity the attack knocks out power
forcing the capital to revert to
secondary generators
that night katniss watches peta being
interviewed
when coin and bt hijacked the signal to
air a clip of katniss
after seeing it peta suddenly shouts a
warning that the capital is about to
attack district 13.
coin orders a mass evacuation into deep
underground shelters
and the facility survives the attack
upon emerging
katniss discovers the area littered with
white roses
she concludes that snow orchestrated
this to inform her that whenever she
condemns the capital
they'll torture peta in retaliation coin
dispatches an elite special forces team
to rescue peta
and the remaining victors that were
captured from their prison
bt hijacks the capital's defense system
with a video
narrated by finnick to convince more
districts to side with the rebellion
gail's team rescues the victors and
escapes the capital easily
indicating the capital reduced its
security on purpose when katniss greets
peta
he unexpectedly attacks and strangles
her into unconsciousness before being
knocked out by boggs
katniss wakes up and is informed that
peta has been hijacked
brainwashed into trying to kill her
which explains why the capital allowed
them to escape with him
peta is placed in solitary confinement
while a serum is developed to reverse
the hijacking effects
coin announces that the rebels next
objective is the capital's principal
military stronghold
in district 2 now the only district
remaining loyal to the capital